good afternoon if you watch this video
it means you have a game sims 3 hectares
desktop for no apparent reason and
explanations
Say right away that the case may be
saving therefore in order not to fly
stopping every new gravy or
catalog update your save this
done in the game in save as after
of this, delete the old save and
run again so i will show two
ways to deal with departures only for
windows 7 users
method 1 if account control
enabled you will need to time it
disable in order for us not to
threw out of the game it needed pridenov
just once somehow on the panel
management . in the field indication of Russia
I press enter lower the slider in
lowest position and press ok
restart the computer after
reboot run the game for 10 seconds
play and go out again open the panel
of management
Again in the background of blue intro now
return the slider
previously standing one hand position
reboot again in principle if you
install sides and tested software
slider can not take method 2
open the control panel choose
system and and service further select
point system mature vch up
advanced system parameters in
the window that opens at the top choose
additionally
and the speed footstep presses the button
options
hears you paint the window top on
decoration performance data then under
click the add button
which is a game folder and French
file it will appear in the list if so
then we apply
close all windows if not then
principle, we can repeat it with everyone
launcher and seen with all sinners
which is that there is every filling
or directory usually after all these
action problems are solved